[
  {
    "id" : "5134f175-cc05-4956-b118-df54794ca021",
    "prId" : 2436,
    "prUrl" : null,
    "prSource" : "GitHub",
    "comments" : [
      {
        "id" : "ba73edf7-36aa-4d89-87c5-c18069fd459c",
        "parentId" : null,
        "authorId" : "4224fcfe-ee22-4bd8-9ed5-4e8efd7a90bc",
        "body" : "Ratcliff?\n",
        "createdAt" : "2015-08-20T16:02:52Z",
        "updatedAt" : "2015-08-21T10:16:17Z",
        "lastEditedBy" : "4224fcfe-ee22-4bd8-9ed5-4e8efd7a90bc",
        "tags" : [
        ]
      },
      {
        "id" : "70eaa597-8711-4f6f-8834-40140001b52b",
        "parentId" : "ba73edf7-36aa-4d89-87c5-c18069fd459c",
        "authorId" : "d2b39267-67ce-46d4-9a0f-08a22816fd37",
        "body" : "Ratliff is correct http://www.linuxfoundation.org/news-media/announcements/2015/06/linux-foundation-s-core-infrastructure-initiative-funds-three-new\n",
        "createdAt" : "2015-08-21T10:13:45Z",
        "updatedAt" : "2015-08-21T10:16:17Z",
        "lastEditedBy" : "d2b39267-67ce-46d4-9a0f-08a22816fd37",
        "tags" : [
        ]
      }
    ],
    "commit" : "5ce0f63fa6eb0fbc1bc42581dd78c3001c41ceb5",
    "line" : 42,
    "diffHunk" : "@@ -1,1 +40,44 @@### Security Policy Discussion\n\nEmily Ratliff from the LF has joined us to help with our security and disclosure policy. TSC members were sent a briefing prior to the meeting.\n\nDiscussed ISO 29147 “Vulnerability Disclosure Overview” and ISO 30111 “Vulnerability Handling Processes Overview”."
  },
  {
    "id" : "eee55e49-af81-4be7-a1ea-81f52bbb76a8",
    "prId" : 2436,
    "prUrl" : null,
    "prSource" : "GitHub",
    "comments" : [
      {
        "id" : "e1c8711b-fa3a-40c7-9e80-2c8b7d1006a5",
        "parentId" : null,
        "authorId" : "4224fcfe-ee22-4bd8-9ed5-4e8efd7a90bc",
        "body" : "Ha ha. :-)\n",
        "createdAt" : "2015-08-20T16:04:37Z",
        "updatedAt" : "2015-08-21T10:16:17Z",
        "lastEditedBy" : "4224fcfe-ee22-4bd8-9ed5-4e8efd7a90bc",
        "tags" : [
        ]
      }
    ],
    "commit" : "5ce0f63fa6eb0fbc1bc42581dd78c3001c41ceb5",
    "line" : 162,
    "diffHunk" : "@@ -1,1 +160,164 @@* Mikeal: it’s more helpful if we think about V8 upgrades as a pull-request to master rather than a separate “next” that has to be separately managed.\n\nMuch bikeshedding was had in an attempt to move forward.\n\nGroup agreed in general with Trevor’s proposal, will organise further discussions amongst the group of interested parties at another time."
  }
]