[
  {
    "id" : "ed437ec6-1200-497d-a05f-2245ee083da7",
    "prId" : 1700,
    "prUrl" : null,
    "prSource" : "GitHub",
    "comments" : [
      {
        "id" : "10bde3ec-fa7b-49d7-9950-ea2f29ad02a1",
        "parentId" : null,
        "authorId" : "7490b440-07c7-4433-856f-3720a914a77a",
        "body" : "My own wording here isn't really the best, it's not really automatic...\n",
        "createdAt" : "2015-05-14T14:44:31Z",
        "updatedAt" : "2015-06-23T09:58:02Z",
        "lastEditedBy" : "7490b440-07c7-4433-856f-3720a914a77a",
        "tags" : [
        ]
      }
    ],
    "commit" : "1330ee3b27c285e87f2636702f11e7e3efc05ef8",
    "line" : 44,
    "diffHunk" : "@@ -1,1 +42,46 @@* Chris: fixing race conditions in the REPL, poking at adding Ctrl-R history searching to readline\n* Domenic: working with V8 team in Munich, working on v8-extras feature, putting large portions of things into snapshot to speed up startup and other things: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/v8-users/D6FmTwlvCgk\n* Jeremiah: issue management, working on tooling for automatic dependency upgrades, see [#1688](https://github.com/iojs/io.js/pull/1688)\n* Mikeal: Foundation stuff, getting ducks in a row\n* Shigeki: holiday in JP, fix TLS bug involving edge-case, needs review"
  },
  {
    "id" : "bbc8b204-323e-4539-b8b5-7d4b8b36a911",
    "prId" : 1700,
    "prUrl" : null,
    "prSource" : "GitHub",
    "comments" : [
      {
        "id" : "7470e4f5-877d-490e-a801-ca71fb529798",
        "parentId" : null,
        "authorId" : "7490b440-07c7-4433-856f-3720a914a77a",
        "body" : "\"nan resolution\"?\n",
        "createdAt" : "2015-05-14T14:49:06Z",
        "updatedAt" : "2015-06-23T09:58:02Z",
        "lastEditedBy" : "7490b440-07c7-4433-856f-3720a914a77a",
        "tags" : [
        ]
      }
    ],
    "commit" : "1330ee3b27c285e87f2636702f11e7e3efc05ef8",
    "line" : 129,
    "diffHunk" : "@@ -1,1 +127,131 @@* `<phpnode> will members of the core team be able to revive io.js if they disagree with the direction of the project in future`\n - (Group) Yes\n* `<skinan5> any plans for nan resolution?`\n - Rod: it’s just a header file and you need it for older versions of Node so it doesn’t make sense to _not_ use it from npm\n - Ben: current NAN isn’t suitable for bringing in"
  }
]